README.md, before:

## ScubaBrain ##

## Project Intro

This project is a scuba diving related calculator tool. Allowing divers to easily find the maximum operating depth (MOD) and other attributes of various oxygen enriched gases.

## Is it just Nitrox calculations?

No over time the vision is to have all collected sorts of scuba related caclulations.

## Backstory

This project was orginally started by [Anthony Mills](http://www.anthony-mills) because he got sick of having to try and look up the MOD for 60%+ Nitrox mixes when getting his stage bottle filled. So he decided to build a calculator to use with Ionic Framework. Eventually the project was compiled with [Cordova](http://cordova.apache.org/) for use on [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.anthony_mills.scubabrain) and IOS app stores.

## Why Release The Codebase?

Anthony is a great believer in the world of Open Source. If other find his code useful or contribute to the code base even better.

## Demo

If you want to see the code in action either install the app from either iTunes or Google Play or alternatively you can view the app in a browser at [scubabrain.anthony-mills.com](https://scubabrain.anthony-mills.com)

## Changelog

= 0.0.3 = 

The inital release of the the code base

Commit message:

Updated the application codebase to v0.0.4

README.md, after:

## ScubaBrain ##

## Project Intro

This project is a calculator tool aimed at helping scuba divers find the optimum enriched air mix for their dive plan. The application is built using the [Ionic Framework](http://ionicframework.com/).

## Is it just Nitrox calculations?

No over time the vision is to have all collected sorts of scuba related calculations.

## Backstory

This project was orginally started by [Anthony Mills](http://www.anthony-mills) because he got sick of having to try and look up the MOD for 60%+ Nitrox mixes when getting his stage bottle filled. So he decided to build a calculator to use with Ionic Framework. Eventually the project was compiled with [Cordova](http://cordova.apache.org/) for use on [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.anthony_mills.scubabrain) and IOS app stores.

## Why Release The Codebase?

I am a great believer in the world of Open Source. If other find his code useful or contribute to the code base even better.

## Demo

If you want to see the code in action either install the app from either iTunes or Google Play or alternatively you can view the app in a browser at [scubabrain.anthony-mills.com](https://scubabrain.anthony-mills.com)

## Changelog

= 0.0.4 =

Updated the Ionic framework, small styling changes and changed the colour of the page heading bars to the standard NITROX green and yellow colour scheme.

= 0.0.3 = 

The inital release of the the code base
